Initial documentation of KubeVirt CI Operations Group (#2315)
kubevirt/project-infra: docs/ci-operations-group.md

# KubeVirt CI Operations Group

> ## Goal of this document

Reviewer: Would it be useful to also include information on who to contact or which meeting to attend if someone wants to be involved?

Author: Are you suggesting to move [this paragraph](https://github.com/kubevirt/project-infra/pull/2315/files#diff-1ecaecfe9bbe8e3852fccc6b8cb7da71400a7218f74ca7ba163e22fe0d35e396R126) to the top of the document?

Reviewer: Not so much - just wondering if it makes sense to have a specific pointer for someone who was new and interested in helping. What would be the best first/next step for them? Are there issues to take, should the or should they attend a meeting or contact someone?
A line like "If you would like to contribute or be involved, then <insert next step here>" 
Either at the start below the goal, or as an intro to the meetings as you indicated.

Author: I've added it to the top of the document, WDYT?

> ## Goal of this document

Reviewer: Would it be useful to also include information on who to contact or which meeting to attend if someone wants to be involved?

Author: same as above i guess?

Reviewer: Sorry, somehow that doubled up.

> The current group consists only of a couple of people who mostly are not only handling CI but need to take other tasks as well. This document is intended to make clear what the primary responsibilities are in order to avoid overloading the members of this group with tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CI Operations Group consists of a small number of people who maintain the KubeVirt CI alongside their other tasks. This document is intended to clarify who is involved in this group, and clearly define what tasks this group is and is not responsible for.
```

Author: Great suggestion, thanks!

## Primary members

<table>
  <tr>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td colspan="5" ><b>Responsibilities / Area of interest</b></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><b>Human</b></td>
   <td><b>Availability</b></td>
   <td><b>TZ</b></td>
   <td><b>BM</b></td>
   <td><b>Operations</b></td>
   <td><b>Prow</b></td>
   <td><b>kubevirtci</b></td>
   <td><b>SIG Support</b></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><a href="https://github.com/brianmcarey">Brian Carey</a></td>
   <td>Mon-Fri</td>
   <td>GMT+1</td>
   <td>Pri</td>
   <td>Pri</td>
   <td>Pri</td>
   <td>Backup</td>
   <td>Backup</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><a href="https://github.com/dhiller">Daniel Hiller</a></td>
   <td>Mon-Fri</td>
   <td>GMT+2</td>
   <td>Backup</td>
   <td>Sec</td>
   <td>Pri</td>
   <td>Backup</td>
   <td>Pri</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><a href="https://github.com/enp0s3">Igor Bezukh</a></td>
   <td>Sun-Thu</td>
   <td>GMT+3</td>
   <td></td>

>    <td>Backup</td>

Reviewer 2: We might want to explain what `Pri, Sec, Backup` means just to remove any doubts.

Author: I've replaced those with the full words, I think that would make it clear already. WDYT?

   <td>Secondary</td>
   <td>Backup</td>
   <td>Secondary</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><a href="https://github.com/xpivarc">Luboslav Pivarc</a></td>
   <td>Mon-Fri</td>
   <td>GMT+2</td>
   <td></td>
   <td>Backup</td>
   <td>Secondary</td>
   <td>Backup</td>
   <td>Secondary</td>
  </tr>
</table>

**Note: kubevirtci should be driven by those who use it: Developers. The SIGs.**

### Contact channels

* [#kubevirt-dev (Kubernetes Slack)](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C0163DT0R8X)

> * [~~#kubevirt-ci (CoreOS Slack)~~](https://coreos.slack.com/archives/C01EX3K1FGE) - Note: ⚠️ DEPRECATED as it's RH internal

Reviewer: Do we need to include this? I imagine this is only relevant for RH ppl who have not seen the deprecation notice.

Author: I included it for completeness, but yes, it makes sense to just remove it.
